README.md, before:

# FyrNode
![FyrNode Banner](fyrnode_banner.png)
## A firmware library to design, configure and deploy nodes on the FyrMesh Platform.

### Supported Platforms
- Arduino IDE ESP8266

### Contributors
- Manish Meganathan
- Mariyam A. Ghani

This repository will contain the following: 
- **An Arduino Library for the ESP8266**  
  This Arduino library contains firmware code for sensor nodes and control nodes that run on the FyrMesh Platfrom. Contains abstraction tools for modular sensor configurations, painlessMesh callbacks, button poll runtimes and custom message delivery protocols. It is intended to be compatible with the ESP8266 NodeMCU platform.
- **A Configuration Generator Tool**  
  An interactive python script to generate the configuration variables for any custom FyrNode configuration. 
- **A Hardware Configuration Collection**  
  The collection contains the code firmware, hardware schematics and 3D models enclosures for a set of pre-configured sensor nodes. 
- **A Development Milestone Collection**  
  A collection of experimental code and development notes that track the major development milestones of this platform.

Commit message:

Add new README files and API documentation
- Add a new README file to the library folder that now contains the API documentation for it.
- Update the repository README with a new format to go along with library documentation.

README.md, after:

# FyrNode
![FyrNode Banner](fyrnode_banner.png)
## A firmware library to design, configure and deploy nodes on the FyrMesh Platform.  

**Version: 0.1.0**  
**Platform: Arduino ESP8266**  
**Language: Arduino C/C++**

### **Contributors**
- **Manish Meganathan**
- **Mariyam A. Ghani**

This repository will contain the following: 
- **An Arduino Library for the ESP8266**  
  This Arduino library contains firmware code for sensor nodes and control nodes that run on the FyrMesh Platfrom. Contains abstraction tools for modular sensor configurations, painlessMesh callbacks, button poll runtimes and custom message delivery protocols. It is intended to be compatible with the ESP8266 NodeMCU platform.  
  The API documentation for the library can be found in the README file within the */fyrnode* directory inside this repository. 

- **A Configuration Generator Tool**  
  An interactive python script to generate the configuration variables for any custom FyrNode configuration. 

- **A Hardware Configuration Collection**  
  The collection contains the code firmware, hardware schematics and 3D models enclosures for a set of pre-configured sensor nodes.
   
- **A Development Milestone Collection**  
  A collection of experimental code and development notes that track the major development milestones of this platform.
